No? Well, before I go well you know they're really concerned about these proposals on the ballot for next week.
Her 2. it's nice to be able mom I really have to go through and read this to make sure that I didn't leave out any of my sentences or anything.
We need to make progress, not go back over what you've already. done.
Okay, because out of the 8 that i've done I noticed on one of them I skipped 2 sentences.
They weren't really important. but I did skip 2 of them and so now i'm paranoid that i'm going to skip a bunch more.
So I have to go back, and for free does it matter?
Not At this point you should be making progress. Okay, Your 10 min are up, and I proof read the whole thing.
How many pages do you disagree just 2 more actually okay. I'm gonna check on you in 10 min. if you haven't gotten one page done in 10 min.
One side of a page. It takes me a long time because I've got to go over the sentences figure out if I'm going to rewrite them or leave them the same, and just write them out I can't write them exactly
the way they are because they stink i'm fine i'm not gonna do any better downstairs.
It's not really the algebra to do it can skip algebra.
No you know all right, fine i'll do my you'll also see them.
So what So through? She knows it too. She do it on purpose.
Take it downstairs, or are you going to add like the little lines that jet out of the you come back from that?
Yeah, it's erasing and i'm not marking on it I don't care if it's iris Well, don't touch it.
I didn't I know that's actually a very good letter to sir.
I know this is your final mom. You gave me another 10 min.
Okay, I retract all my art arguing. I totally agree.
I should go downstairs Now can I stand here doesn't work in this household.
You may use my desk what we meant to royal masses.
Yes, it is. You always have to carefully set things aside soon i'll go through the files. no you guys.
I want to be able to be with you it's a large Peru last night.
I don't think so hard. Well, I know that it might just be fun to listen to them.
One thing is, never bring up politics to find graham hutch because you'll get in a big family arguing with his mom or no.
Was it, grandpa? Well, anyway, even a way it's not pleasant to talk about it with either one of them either way.
I made some comment. I made some stupid comment like, Why are you voting for them, or something like that?
And then they went on for like an hour, or the whole dinner time, which was probably 45 min about political views and all this other stuff, and they just talked about it on and on, and on and on. and so Mom, told me never ever to
answer anything about that again. That was Grandpa I asked him something about the Democratic platform like, What do they believe? Question. It's not pleasant to talk about politics.
If anyone who doesn't believe I did not believe but doesn't agree with you, vote in the same way that you've loved it, or whatever I don't hardly ever play a real way it's just like tonight.
That it's service. noble whatever name is the sitting on this side.
She says some dog, Clem, and you know I figure what she said, you know.
But supporting Clinton. Then I was just kind of some about that.
And here I know she says Well, I don't know she says I'm going to vote for the other guy, and a conversation.
Let's just be quiet folks, Mrs. noble is definitely very democratic mom.
I am going because she's pro-choice anyway.
I think that's not a good reason to face your decision good.
I can get one of our great erasers and just go.
Why is there an exclamation point there isn't one anymore? which being raised, It's not symphony. it's symphony like that.
What are you gonna do with this thing? drawing there's erasers?
We got to go. Someone wasn't using their tickets and gave third chin. Kills create violinist who makes his living.
Really good understatement does pretty make them better concert, and the city does pretty good for being a little one.
More southwest of Michigan, something and vodenoy the conductor's been here now.
It's gone, the coma zoo so to me some time what's the symphony called her?
Well, they call it easily Twin Cities. I think they call Southwestern Michigan Central.
They do because they draw a lot of people from not using teachers from Kalamazoo who plays it?
You mean? Yeah, I remember hearing some guys complain a year ago, only first moved here.
They call it Twin Cities, where they let all these people come in and take over all the first chairs and all the other.
So they changed it. don't put that on the floor tracing to waste it.
They did, for instance, now, and we got the metal center out here.
Everyone who plays in it. They don't get saved much people, but they do belong to the musicians here.
Yet, and it's not really high it'll be off no no, it's, I think, for I know somebody who makes a living is, I think it's so much an hour for performances I don't think thing to get paid for
all that rehearsal time my cello teacher I didn't like you cello.
But see, he's a teacher, though, you meet the English Saturdays in here, and and he plays and I'm pretty sure he made it just become a new orchestra.
Does he teach? Just hello! What that did you teach just cello you can't keep my own history and make if you teach, and you have a lot of school.
Be good at really really good, I think. And what you start getting the clientele. Yeah, it sounds like this is strictly, you know, like on school here, strictly weekend.
Of course it comes down here in a week, and I suppose he has afternoon, evening, or whatever students tons.
Every day he goes different places. he's in kalamazoo, but like if he comes here, maybe he goes someplace else, so he could get my slave even go to battle free.
Gone afternoon. better school. This seems like a pretty nice guy, though.
Does he teach in a school system, too? he's strictly He's not married, or anything I think strictly private lessons and orchestra just totally chow I thought maybe a music teacher too, who did you tell me he
was easy to be asking. somebody person can do it hate it I've got to start working on like to I won't get them all done Friday afternoon, especially, and staffing around this cool shit know him gets in a often tomorrow. night.
I don't lender or academic quarter are we going to there.
I have no idea I don't even know what i'm supposed to wear.
I don't even know what it is am I getting a little yellow S.
Or I'm getting a diploma type. thing? there? I know a letter, I think, is one of those letters You put on a check, I know. but do they hand me the letter? or Do they hear? me a certificate?
Or a ribbon or what I think is I don't even know what to wear It's just I think i'll wear my white dress with the black diamonds. it's okay, with me not to be that critical but it eat that awfully
10 all right forget it. it's a small show it's not regular size 7, 30 high school, but there's even a guess.
Oh, Joyce, do I have to go Well, he also has club Well, that's right.
You got your club lives. Think he should have to come I had to go to a sacrifice? it's terribly lopsided.
I need to do something better, and for that right now I have to draw a stupid figure that's a problem.
I didn't want to do anything jaw stupid person has to be 12 inches tall at least.
You could draw yo your ma. Do you know what he looks like?
What am I gonna do? Just guys sing there and then have his eyes go yo yo ma Chinese I guess at the moment, if you like the yo yo it's a normal American name could have been swedish Anyway, he's
yo-yo ma you're a muchinsky yo yo majin scarzinski comes from the old country aurora board. Ellis yump in Yemen.
Here is my streamage. This is my only straight edge see Let's say that's approximately approximate Italy.
The approximation of the stock rate did go through the middle of your drawing, and I don't feel like measuring shielding.
Doesn't look right off center. Huh! You have to draw yourself 12 inches high, with a cho with the cello in your hand, tells you anything for that.
You practically do that with a quarter-sized violin, fit it in your hand.
The bob came by this afternoon. call them and tell them i'm not quite finished with it.
Well, he's got windows. he's doing something to replace the he's routing windows. Well, it looks like i'm not gonna do that. Well, I can't do this weekend and you weren't gonna do it this
week. What did I wear for Halloween be quiet we're not talking about now?
Shit here and we're be quiet we're not talking about I'm gonna go check my teller can stand to approximately right about there.
But what day is tomorrow? The 20 ninth? Oh, by the way, mom, go join
Oh, joyous young life is a man, Andy Richards tonight.
Tonight. Gee, thanks for time at 8 o'clock okay It's 9 10.
They'd still be over there. No see they live 3 blocks away!
Get your work done, dear. They live 3 blocks away, and young Length is over there.
Good, so it would make most sense for me to have gone over there, i'm such an idiot Richard says right here. don't get your work done so once you so what'd you say about me get your work done your
work done, old lady. Actually, young girl. Oh, food food little this time takes it's early 15 after 10.
I see. I guess that's True, Yeah, but we also got up an hour later than usual.
Course That's I think it's the end of that excuse dear? the time has changed when we awaked.
Is that a word awaken you can tell there's grammar is? well, it says it says I bet it was fun for him when he awaked at the and like that when he awoke if you ever mentioned yourself dead just to see what people would think
about you, and would you just say about you, continue your work?
I did. Why did you know on that dover i'm not dealt a harder?
It's krueger yeah Zapdill's sister you know there's beab Dill and Jean very suddenly.
She's. What? How old 3236 36 they're on the mission field in Africa I should like out in tribal tribal villages All they were in the city at the time right right in town but apparently it was
either a heart attack or an aneurysm. They suspected me.
It was a strange clerk. I guess Mom said it was a cerebral hemorrhage, which is an aneurysm, but I suppose they're the same.
Yeah, they are, since i'm not a doctor but mom said that's what it was, and they weren't going to do about useful proofs.
It had to be one or 2 i'll clare to sit at school at school.
You can color. i'm just gonna make the line here please i'll do something which sounds better.
I bet it was fun for him when he awoke, or I bet it was fun for him when he awakened me.
Try away him. i'll say awakened because that's what I have written out.
Just watch you put it. No, but no way. I really like it.
Me alone, and you could say, my father, I would have put a weight.
But really I think everyone in this family should read this book, but I really it would be.
You would enjoy it. Yes, i'm sure gee aren't we that nice word today.
Yes, we are, little cheerful boy, thank you well starting in November.
We're going to be looking at the sky have a day by day.
November calendar of where to look and what to look for as in planets, it's pretty neat looking. Do you have a telescope?
Well, now, I just think it. I stuff he has a telescope, though.
Well, no, no easier to do. naked. all applies 40 times, or binoculars.
It does pretty good when you Can find the moon Well, it's just not a hole you find that our binoculars would be just let's go.
We did this thing about. We were talking about how in science books.
And you see the solar system, How is so out of scale?
And it cannot get a scale for distance. The same time get objects that can give you the scale for the size of your planet. But we're trying to do a scale for they have this thing going on for a scale.
For distance. So we started at one end of the hallway with a roller.
What people don't have so many sheets of toilet paper?
Do you roll out? And so you go so many! And we were way down the hall like 483, you know, for Jupiter Jupiter, How far are you to do that distance like how wide it is Diameter?
83 like 4 and a half inch squares.
But where were you in hall? What in your school? Well, it was a fair playing bus school.
Is that the junior High, and that we go by now because there's an elementary school.
But then, starting from the sun, and we went about I think It was maybe 37. she's to Mercury, and he says, now the size of mercury would be, and he had a staple would be like this you know whole of that
dude paper. you know about that no bigger than that. Wow!
We got out to Earth, and I think it was a paper clip size, you know, to punch through some, and just to kind of give us an idea of how big was the sun.
It was a softball give up something to build a sign where the softball and the size of these other ones would be something like that.
Oh, get out to Jupiter! It would have been the size of the hole in the middle of a record.
Huh! that's mighty large comparatively meet a single, a single or a Oh, gee!
In an Lp: i'm sure yeah I thought it was just the other thing.
Yeah, because the earth being stable call what was Pluto, please? Well, I had the information all that you just punched with a paper clip.
Yeah, the hole would be that kind of diameter and the diameter of a stable
Never had the heaven before your book falls asleep, betrayed.
I have this whole paragraph written and now that I look at it.
There's a much better way of doing it structurally just redo it, because I put this big parentheses here for what I might as well have done because he awakened at the and he got to hear, this and this and
This I interrupted with. he wake into the parentheses, the other does such a good job of describing this and everything else, especially Adams feelings, and he got to hear it totally totally breaks the
paragraph, and I should have just put this together, and then put the other.
Does a great job of describing the and then, did that but I don't have time to rewrite It do.
I Maybe it's too distracting i'm here we should go with you.
No, because I would have done this anyway. Be a rebel.
Stay here. I want to work. Yeah, let's go back out there that way.
You guys come over here to listen there so that you do all right What's that?
Somebody's head from behind. Yeah, the conductor what is this nice to have. You could try to drop behind his pictures.
Yeah, like, where are we going to get picture it's Not due to all, thank goodness, or something up to midnight working, hey?
Can you move your chair? What? Yeah, She showed me All that stuff worry.